parents and school should agree on the desicions of wha is going to be better for the students. Parents as being the ones giving permission to the students, should considered any type of activitie that the student wants to get involved in. Students should not be able to participate in more than two activities at school. Activities at school should not be controling, or making the students join so many activities.

If the student does not do the school work, then they will have bad grades, that will affect them by not being able to participate anymore in any of the school actiities. The school should make an runion for parents, so they can agree on the terms that the school want.      . Not doing work from school will affect their grades , and they also won't be able to participate anymore, for having bad grades. Parents as being the ones giving permission to the student, should talk to the school and ask if it is posible for their kid to not participate in all of them because of the time, and other responsabilities they have.

First of all students should talk to their parents before taking any desicion, them both need to consider that if the student gets involved in many activities, then they will not have time to do any work from school.

If the students spend too much time on the activities, then he/she would not have time for them other responsabilities. If students get involve in many of them, then they will not have time to do any of their work from school. When students are responsible with their shool work, and their activities, they should get extra credit. Students should not be able to participate in too many activities that would effect their grades. Students and their families should consider any activitie that they want to get involved in school before getting in. because they will get tired a lot, and therefore they will not do their homeworks. Participating in any of the activities should also be a credit for the students.

Schools are responsable for any activite that it is happening in school, they should contact parents, and also have a reunion, so they would get the parents opinions. Participating in school it is good for students, but not when they do extraactivities.

Some of the activities should be reunating with the students after school, and help them with any questio they have, or repasing anything that they didn't understand in the class.

I think Schools should not control students involvents.

Parents should be the ones desiding, and analizing before allowing their kids join any type of activitie in school